So that was a lot of talking about browser support.
Now Javascript is a hosted language,
it does not just work in browsers but also in other runtimes like with Node.js.
How is the situation there? Now
with Node.js and all the other environments,
the important thing is that you control which version of Javascript you use or which version of Node.js
you use which then in turn supports certain features.
So you have direct control over the environment where your code will run
and that's the huge difference to browser side Javascript, to web application, there
you don't have control over that.
If a feature is available, you can use it in a controlled environment, in an uncontrolled environment,
this is simply beyond your control.
Therefore we have to build applications with the tools you learned about in this module to make sure
they work in all the environments for all the users we want to target with our web application.